README.md, before:

# Udacity Blockchain Capstone

The capstone will build upon the knowledge you have gained in the course in order to build a decentralized housing product. 

# Rinkby deployment

1. Contracts deployed on rinkeby
    * SquareVerifier : [0xE445aD6d20306f13BD3415f9426731fDc63c50A9](https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/0xE445aD6d20306f13BD3415f9426731fDc63c50A9)
    * SolnSquareVerifier : [0x5eff5714f9e2daa58171ae09823941988dbb017f](https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/0x5eff5714f9e2daa58171ae09823941988dbb017f )
2. One token is minted using proof.json given in the solution
3. OpenSea marketplace has been setup for deployed contract & can be viewed at https://rinkeby.opensea.io/assets/custom-v6
4. 4 properties are listed to opensea 
5. 1 property is put on sell at https://rinkeby.opensea.io/assets/0x5eff5714f9e2daa58171ae09823941988dbb017f/1
6. Abis
   * SquareVerifier : [here](https://github.com/yashvadhvani/blockchain-capstone/blob/master/eth-contracts/build/contracts/SquareVerifier.json)
   * SolnSquareVerifier: [here](https://github.com/yashvadhvani/blockchain-capstone/blob/master/eth-contracts/build/contracts/SolnSquareVerifier.json)

# Test
To run truffle tests: 
```
truffle test
```


# Project Resources

* [Remix - Solidity IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/)
* [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
* [Truffle Framework](https://truffleframework.com/)
* [Ganache - One Click Blockchain](https://truffleframework.com/ganache)
* [Open Zeppelin ](https://openzeppelin.org/)
* [Interactive zero knowledge 3-colorability demonstration](http://web.mit.edu/~ezyang/Public/graph/svg.html)
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/)
* [ZoKrates](https://github.com/Zokrates/ZoKrates)

Commit message:

docs: updated docs for the proof point

README.md, after:

# Udacity Blockchain Capstone

The capstone will build upon the knowledge you have gained in the course in order to build a decentralized housing product. 

# Rinkby deployment

1. Contracts deployed on rinkeby
    * SquareVerifier : [0xE445aD6d20306f13BD3415f9426731fDc63c50A9](https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/0xE445aD6d20306f13BD3415f9426731fDc63c50A9)
    * SolnSquareVerifier : [0x5eff5714f9e2daa58171ae09823941988dbb017f](https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/0x5eff5714f9e2daa58171ae09823941988dbb017f )
2. all tokens are minted using different proofs one of them is given in the repository
3. OpenSea marketplace has been setup for deployed contract & can be viewed at https://rinkeby.opensea.io/assets/custom-v6
4. 4 properties are listed to opensea 
5. 1 property is put on sell at https://rinkeby.opensea.io/assets/0x5eff5714f9e2daa58171ae09823941988dbb017f/1
6. Abis
   * SquareVerifier : [here](https://github.com/yashvadhvani/blockchain-capstone/blob/master/eth-contracts/build/contracts/SquareVerifier.json)
   * SolnSquareVerifier: [here](https://github.com/yashvadhvani/blockchain-capstone/blob/master/eth-contracts/build/contracts/SolnSquareVerifier.json)

# Test
To run truffle tests: 
```
truffle test
```


# Project Resources

* [Remix - Solidity IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/)
* [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
* [Truffle Framework](https://truffleframework.com/)
* [Ganache - One Click Blockchain](https://truffleframework.com/ganache)
* [Open Zeppelin ](https://openzeppelin.org/)
* [Interactive zero knowledge 3-colorability demonstration](http://web.mit.edu/~ezyang/Public/graph/svg.html)
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/)
* [ZoKrates](https://github.com/Zokrates/ZoKrates)
